I'm here and I hope you I just wanted to
show you the whole thing with the
butcher me
petroleum jelly that I use as a primer i
primer is very expensive as I explained
in my other video and some of the eye
primer is only really weird but for one
thing petroleum jelly
you just take a very tiny bit just take
a very tiny bit just can't even see it
and you rub it all over the I remember
the eyeshadow is going to go and then
basically you just put your eyeshadow on
and I want to show you a quick I really
have I buy expensive especially here go
that only gets let me show you put the
petroleum jelly so this is a very
expensive eyeshadow and crazy this was
kind of a hazel green I have the
petroleum jelly here I want to show you
how nice it fits there that's how much
color it shows it's it really shows
around for and I didn't even put that
much just eyeshadow on and this is how
it looks loo tonneau eyeshadow
I mean what this Alex with no eye primer
there and this is how it would probably
ellipse with I plan this made me a
little bit that but this is what the
pastrami jelly it really brings out all
of the color yeah and hope you like my
song on Rebecca play yeah i'll be
posting makeup tutorials maybe later on
today but it's not today then my makeup
tutorials will be coming soon but hope
you watch